Docs/polytopes (#611)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/PolyhedralGeometry/Polyhedra/pg_polyhedra_constructions.md

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
```

```@setup oscar
using Oscar
```

```@contents
Pages = ["pg_polyhedra_constructions.md"]
```

# Constructions

> The standard way to define a polyhedron is by either giving a V-description or an H-description.

Reviewer: What's a H-/V-description? Is it the same as H-/V-representation? If yes, why two names? If no, what is what and how do they relate?

Also: perhaps $H$ and $V$ instead of H and V?

But polyhedra may also be constructed through other means: by name, via operations on other polyhedra, or from other objects in Oscar.

## H and V representations

### Intersecting halfspaces: H-description

> Based on the definition of an $H$-representation, the constructor of `Polyhedron` can be used:

Reviewer: What's the purpose of this kind of filler text? Aren't the docstrings being inserted here plus the headline explanation enough? If not, perhaps those should be improved instead of inserting chit-chat?

```@docs
Polyhedron(A::Union{Oscar.MatElem,AbstractMatrix}, b)
```

> The following defines a polytope, as a `Polyhedron`, via a $V$-representation by calling the following function:

Reviewer: If it is about V-reps, why is it in the section on H-description?

```@docs
convex_hull(::AnyVecOrMat; non_redundant::Bool=false)
```

### Computing convex hulls: V-description

> This is a standard triangle, defined via a (redundant) $V$-representation  and its unique minimal $H$-representation:

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be an example, or what? For what, `convex_hull`? Then perhaps it should be in the docstring of `convex_hull` instead?

> ```@repl oscar

Reviewer: Please consider using `jldoctest` instead of `@repl` in as many cases as possible (ideally, all).

T = convex_hull([ 0 0 ; 1 0 ; 0 1; 0 1/2 ])
facets_as_halfspace_matrix_pair(T)
```

## Named polyhedra

> Some commonly used polyhedra are able to be constructed by name. For example

Reviewer: I don't think polyhedra "are able" to construct anything. Also, this is a reference manual, so why "for example"? Don't you list all constructors we provide here? If not, why not?

Personally, I'd just drop this sentence completely (like many of the others, although I won't repeat this each time). But if you really want to keep it, how about this:
```suggestion
For some commonly used types of polyhedra, dedicated constructors are provided:
```

```@docs
simplex

> ```
> 
> ```@docs
> cube
> ```
> 
> ```@docs
> cross
> ```
> 
> ```@docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cube
cross
```

archimedean_solid
```

## Operations on polyhedra

> Polyhedra can be produced through operations on other polyhedra. For example, they can be added using Minkowski addition or scaled; each of which results in a new polyhedron.

Reviewer: Again, I would just remove this...

```@docs
+(::Polyhedron, ::Polyhedron)

> ```
> 
> ```@docs
> *(::Int, ::Polyhedron)
> ```
> 
> You can also intersect polyhedra to obtain a new polyhedron, or take Cartesian products.
> 
> ```@docs
> intersect(::Polyhedron, ::Polyhedron)
> ```
> 
> ```@docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(::Int, ::Polyhedron)
intersect(::Polyhedron, ::Polyhedron)
```

*(::Polyhedron, ::Polyhedron)
```

> The convex hull of two polytopes is supported by the function `convex_hull`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The convex hull of two polytopes can be computed via `convex_hull`.
```
... or just drop it, the docstring should speak for itself.... (If it doesn't, it should be improved accordingly)

```@docs
convex_hull(::Polyhedron,::Polyhedron)
```

## Polyhedra from other objects

> There is a growing list of functionality for constructing polyhedra coming from other mathematical objects. We list a handful below.

Reviewer: This would be fine for a presentation, a demo, a press release, but not a reference manual. Here, we talk about what is, not what might be (as "growing" does), and we strive to list all relevant functions we provide, not just "a handful".

So I'd remove this

```@docs
orbit_polytope

> ```
> 
> ```@docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
```

```@setup oscar
using Oscar
```

```@contents
Pages = ["pg_polyhedra_constructions.md"]
```

# Constructions

The standard way to define a polyhedron is by either giving a
$V$-representation or an $H$-representation.  But polyhedra may also be
constructed through other means: by name, via operations on other polyhedra, or
from other objects in Oscar.

> ## H and V representations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## $H$- and $V$-representations
```

Reviewer: Or just drop this intermediate headline? It feels a bit redundant. But of course that's a matter of taste, so feel free to keep it in.

> ### Intersecting halfspaces: H-representation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Intersecting halfspaces: $H$-representation
```

Based on the definition of an $H$-representation, the constructor of
`Polyhedron` can be used:

```@docs
Polyhedron(A::Union{Oscar.MatElem,AbstractMatrix}, b)
```

> ### Computing convex hulls: V-representation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Computing convex hulls: $V$-representation
```

The following defines a polytope, as a `Polyhedron`, via a $V$-representation
by calling the following function:

```@docs
convex_hull(::AnyVecOrMat; non_redundant::Bool=false)
```

This is a standard triangle, defined via a (redundant) $V$-representation  and
its unique minimal $H$-representation:

```@repl oscar
T = convex_hull([ 0 0 ; 1 0 ; 0 1; 0 1/2 ])
facets_as_halfspace_matrix_pair(T)
```

## Named polyhedra
For some commonly used types of polyhedra, dedicated constructors are provided:

```@docs
simplex
cube
cross
archimedean_solid
```

## Operations on polyhedra
Polyhedra can be produced through operations on other polyhedra. For example,
they can be added using Minkowski addition or scaled; each of which results in
a new polyhedron.

```@docs
+(::Polyhedron, ::Polyhedron)
*(::Int, ::Polyhedron)
intersect(::Polyhedron, ::Polyhedron)
*(::Polyhedron, ::Polyhedron)
```

The convex hull of two polytopes can be computed via `convex_hull`.
```@docs
convex_hull(::Polyhedron,::Polyhedron)
```

## Polyhedra from other objects

There is a growing list of functionality for constructing polyhedra coming from

> other mathematical objects. We list a handful below.

Reviewer: This would be fine for a presentation, a demo, a press release, but not a reference manual. Here, we talk about what is, not what might be (as "growing" does), and we strive to list all relevant functions we provide, not just "a handful".

So I'd remove this.
